He's frightened. He's really frightened.
He's screaming into the phone. They
said, "Sir, we got all the guards out.
They've got their weapons pointed at
this red orange
uh pulsating light. It's huge." I went
over to talk to my commander because now
I'm thinking there's something serious
going on out there. Before [music] I
could tell him about the phone calls, we
get a big horn go off. One of the
missiles went off alert status or went
from green to red.
No go. Can't launch it. And right after
that one went down, all of them went
down one at a time.
>> I'd already been trying to get in touch
with you and interview you. And then
this kind of ridiculous Wall Street
Journal piece comes out by this guy
named Joel Shectman. It just seems like
a really botched kind of attempt at
discrediting you entirely. Why would
they come after me? Well, nuclear
deterrence is the backbone of our
national security.
>> A short time ago, the US military
carried out massive precision strikes.
>> You have Xi and Putin closer than
they've ever been. Iran and Israel is
really a proxy war for this larger
global conflict. You have Pakistan
having nukes. Think about the amount of
al-Qaeda still in northern Pakistan.
That could be a failed state at any
moment. I am gravely concerned [music]
about the situation in Pakistan.
>> If there was ever an explicit disclosure
[music] moment, it might occur around us
being on the brink. If you have another
kind of Cuban missile crisis [music]
>> between September of ' 66
and March of ' 67, we lost 30 missiles
to UFO [music] activity. 30.
>> 30.
Our next guest was a witness of one of
the most spectacular UFO nuclear related
cases we've ever had. He was stationed
at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana.
He was a missile launch officer there
deep underground monitoring a group of
10-minute man missiles. In March of
1967, while on duty, he received a call
from an extremely frightened topside
guard reporting unidentified flying
objects. Glowing red lights hovering
above the base. You won't believe what
happened next, but the UFO appeared to
interact with the nuclear weapons. If
this were an isolated incident, it would
be one thing. It's not. It's a repeating
pattern. UFOs show up constantly around
nuclear weapons in civilian energy
grids. The great journalist Robert
Hastings has documented
167 Qcle cleared witnesses in his great
book, UFOs and Nukes. The link between
UFOs and nuclear weapons is ubiquitous
and widespread. And our next guest's
sighting at Malmstrom is one of four
different sightings that I am aware of
in and around this particular Montana
base. This isn't an anomaly. It's a real
scientific pattern for those earnestly
engaging with the data. For the ones who
won't just reflexively look away due to
the stigma. Just last month, the Wall
Street Journal wrote a hit piece
attempting to discredit our next guest.
They claimed that this whole event he
witnessed was due to an experimental
test of a non-uclear EMP. They cited an
EMP model that wasn't even operational
in 1967 and claimed that this device was
used on our own nuclear weapons with
officers like him present. The article
made no sense and it really didn't even
make an attempt to make any sense, but
it was written by a journalist that says
that conspiracies around JFK's death are
now fueling a belief in the quote
unquote deep state. This journalist also
just wrote an article railing against a
scop that marginalized Chinese co
vaccines. Suffice it to say, I think we
have very different worldviews. But as
you'll see in this interview with my
next guest, history might not repeat,
but it certainly rhymes. In 1967, they
also tried to cover this case up using
some very bad faith tactics. Luckily for
us, our next guest has documented the
hypocrisy the entire way. And even
though the Wall Street Journal wouldn't
let this 85year-old veteran publish a
full response to defend himself, he does
so very eloquently here. So, without
further ado, I'd like to welcome this
week's American Alchemist, First
Lieutenant Robert Salace.
I'm here with Bob Salace. I'm so
grateful to be here. I appreciate you
having me. Um, I've been kind of citing
your experience for the last two or
three years on my show. And so, it's
really cool to finally be in person and
be able to to, you know, hear it
directly from you. And this couldn't be
more timely cuz I had already been
trying to get in touch with you and
interview you. And then this kind of
ridiculous Wall Street Journal uh piece
comes out by this guy named Joel
Shectman. Clearly, you know, he's
collaborating very closely, probably too
closely with a guy named Sean
Kirkpatrick, who's the former head of
the all domain all domain anomaly
resolution office. And it just seems
like uh a really botched kind of attempt
at uh discrediting you entirely and
basically saying that there was an EMP
that was wheeled up to Malmstrom Air
Force Base where you were first
lieutenant. You were working in the you
know launch control facility and that is
what explains these 10 nuclear missiles
going down. So anyways, it's very timely
and I'm very grateful to be having this
conversation with you.
>> I'm I'm happy to talk about this. Uh,
yes. I think there was a deliberate
attempt to discredit my story. Um, and
I've got some theories as to why that
was done. Yeah.
>> What are your theories as to why or why
don't we do this? Why don't we just get
into the core details first of what
happened and then, you know, Lot's going
to be referencing that and then from
there we can get into theories as to why
people are trying to sabotage. Uh so in
1967 uh I was assigned to a twoman crew.
Uh my commander was uh Fred Maywald. Uh
we were both lieutenants at the time and
we were assigned to Oscar Flight which
is near Lewistown, Montana. No, I take
that back. It's near Roy, Montana which
is about 100 miles to the east of Great
Falls and Melmstrom Air Force Base
located near Great Falls. So at this uh
site we we go underground to a what we
call the launch control center and
that's where we have all the equipment
down there to uh monitor and launch
missiles if necessary.
Uh so on this particular evening March
24th 1967
um
my commander uh was taking a rest break.
We had a little cut down there. I was in
charge of the entire facility.
Um,
I get a call sometime in the evening. I
don't know when um exactly. I was
probably close to 900 p.m. or so. It was
dark out and the topside guard, which we
call a flight security controller,
called down and said, "Uh, sir, I've
been seeing some strange lights in the
sky
uh overhead directly over us. Um,
they're strange because uh they're
flying very fast, stopping in midair,
reversing course, doing 90° turns. Um,
no engine noise.
And sir, these are not airplanes.
[sighs]
Uh, airplanes can't do what this these
lights are doing. So, um, I even said,
"You mean like UFOs?"
[laughter]
Because we had actually had um newspaper
accounts in the Great Falls Tribune
uh of people and uh like farmers and
citizens seeing strange lights in the
sky at night. that week.
>> Yeah. Wasn't there a there was a truck
driver and a police officer, if I'm not
mistaken, who had also
>> Yeah, we we'll get to that. That's
that's an important part of this.
Um,
we can talk about it now if you want. on
the same night.
Um, and this I think was about
7:30 to 8 in the evening,
a truck driver was driving through the
town of Belt, Montana, which was about
[gasps]
35 miles to the southeast
of uh, Great Falls. and uh he looks over
out his his window and sees a bright
light that's pacing him going the same
speed
and it's actually blinking at him and
[laughter]
he finds it a little strange. Um
it was just a big white bulb light to
him. He stops a truck
and uh
and gets out and watches the light um
land in a ravine,
a large ravine.
Uh he goes over there and takes a look,
sees it. Then u then he calls the
highway patrol. He wants to get somebody
else to look at this thing. and a
highway patrolman comes out. He also
sees the light. The light comes back up,
flies off at high speed, then comes back
while the highway patrol was there.
They then call the uh uh county
sheriffs. They come out. They see uh uh
they inspect a little bit of the area
where this object landed. They find some
broken branches.
They all decide to call the Air Force
base.
We happened to have what was called a
UFO officer at the base at the time
because of the Condan investigation.
Wanted the Air Force to identify certain
officers at certain bases uh to help
them with their investigation. And so
they identified this particular guy, a
man by the name of Lieutenant Colonel
Lewis Chase who was also the base
operations officer.
So Chase comes out. Um I don't know if
he saw the object or not, but uh at that
time
uh
but he decides that they can't bring a
helicopter in that night. Um cuz they're
not trained for uh night operations in
that area. And so uh he wait wants to
wait till the morning.
And in the meantime, there are reports
at Malmstrom Air Force Base. Objects are
seen on radar. Objects are seen by
airmen at the base.
Uh again, bright white light uh flying
around Mal Air Force Base. [sighs]
Um and so, uh Chase decides he needs to
report all this. Um, and he does in a a
telegram to Air Force headquarters and
also reports to Edward Condan.
Uh, writes a couple of reports. I've got
copies of them. Um, and they take the
statement of the truck driver, etc.
And by the way, in the meantime, my
missiles are shut down.
>> So, you have missile security officers
who are topside. They're calling down
and they're saying they're seeing
>> no no security officers. These are
>> airmen, you know, the non-commissioned
officers, NCOs's.
>> Okay.
>> Uh and they're responsible for the
security of the launch control facility.
In other words, they and that's what I
told him. So after the first call, we
just hung up because there was no point
in talking about license to Scott. I
didn't think.
So, you were like, "What are you talking
about?" And you hung up and you were
like, "Yeah,
>> basically." Yeah. I wasn't too
interested in what he had to say after
that because uh
you know, he could have been seeing
little stars up there. I don't know. Uh
but then five minutes later, he calls
back and this time he's frightened. He's
really frightened. He's screaming into
the phone. He's babbling. Can't I got to
calm him down? And finally, I calm him
down. and he says, "Sir, we got all the
guards out. Uh, they're they've got
their weapons pointed at this red orange
light, uh, pulsating light. It's huge.
It's uh, you know, I think he said 40 or
some feet long. Um,
it was hard to see inside." I said, "Try
to look inside the light and see if
there's a solid object in there." Um, he
said it's it's really difficult because
it's so bright, but it looks like
there's some kind of a solid object in
there. Oval shaped is what he said. And
I said, uh,
and then he said, "What do I do, sir?"
You know,
I basically told him, I don't remember
the exact words, but I basically told
him to make sure the security uh the
facility is secure, that nobody enters
the fenced area.
Um,
you know, basically it's your
responsibility, right?
Uh, and so
he hung up. He he first said, "A guard
got injured and I got to go
[sighs and gasps]
there." The injury I'll talk about
later, but it had nothing to do with the
UFO. Um,
so he hung up. [clears throat]
First thing I did is I looked over at
our board, our status board that showed
the status of each missile, right? And
yeah, all the missiles were green at
that time, ready to go, ready to launch
at any time.
I went over to talk to my commander, uh,
Fred Milo was taking a rest break,
[gasps]
woke him up and started to tell him
about the phone calls and because now
I'm thinking there's something serious
going on out there. Uh, that guy was
really scared, really frightened.
And um
before I could tell them about the phone
calls, we get a big horn go off. One of
the missiles went off alert status or
went from green to red.
No go. Can't launch it.
>> Had that ever happened in your career
thus far?
>> I was there for three years. That one of
them may have gone down for some power
problem.
Uh we had triple power redundancy. But
anyway uh but nothing like multiple
shutdowns. And right after that one went
down. All of them went down one one at a
time. As you know, I'm always on the
hunt for things that help me stay sharp,
focused, and full of energy while I'm
diving into life's mysteries and making
this show happen. And I've got to say,
Mudwater has completely transformed my
mornings. Back in the day, I used to
struggle with that post coffee crash.
And let's not even get into the caffeine
jitters. Mudwater gave me the smooth,
steady energy I was missing. It's packed
with functional mushrooms like lion's
mane, chaga, and rayi. Plus, turmeric
and cacao all working together to keep
me focused, calm, and grounded.
Honestly, it's like coffee went on a
yoga retreat and came back zen. What I
love most is that it's not just about
replacing coffee. It's a whole new
ritual. It's a simple, nourishing way to
start the day, and I actually look
forward to it every morning. Every
ingredient is USDA, certified organic,
vegan, non-GMO, and there's zero sugar.
It's energy that doesn't mess with your
sleep or make you question your life
choices at 3:00 a.m. Ready to make the
switch to cleaner energy? Head to
mudwater.com,
that's mudwt.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. Keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy.
>> So, what do you do at that point?
>> So, we jump up, go through our
checklist,
and uh we also had two two of the launch
facilities. The launch facilities are
where the missiles are actually located.
They're about a mile away, mile or two.
Um,
but at two of them we had incursion
lights, meaning it's possible someone or
something was trying to enter those
facilities
where the missiles were. So, I got on
the horn or the phone and uh called
upstairs. First thing I asked about was
this bright red glowing object
and he said uh it just took off, sir.
It's gone. Um, but it was there when the
missiles went out.
Uh,
but anyway, I sent guards out there and
they again saw an object above two of
the launch facilities.
[snorts]
Um, again, bright bright light hovering
just above the facilities.
Uh, we brought those guys back to where
we were. Uh and they lost radio contact
on the way back.
[sighs]
Strange.
Anyway, uh
mywald called wing command post
[sighs and gasps]
report the our incident a shutdown, you
know, requesting
maintenance crews to come out because we
had a way of querying the system.
Uh we would get an audio feedback of uh
what was wrong with each missile. They
were all reading guidance and control
system failure.
So we thought, well, okay, we got to
send a team out there to restart the
missiles, each one, and retarget them.
We had to check the targeting again.
[gasps]
Uh,
but after that call, he hangs up. He
turns to me and he says, "The same thing
happened at another flight."
Now, I thought he meant that evening,
but what he meant to say was that it
happened before
uh 8 days earlier
and that was what we refer to now as the
echo flight incident. We were at Oscar
Flight.
>> Uh-huh. And so before before we get into
the uh echo Yeah. Go for it.
>> Yeah. But the the reason the belt
sighting was important
uh was because uh when Robert Jameson
was called at home to come in to the
base, he was asleep. He was called he
said around 10 10:30 in the evening
uh told to come into the base uh because
there were uh missile shutdowns you need
to work on.
>> Yeah. In March of 1967,
I got a call saying a missile went off
alert in Oscar flight. Well, that's all
the information was given. They said a
missile went off alert. So, I had called
my team together. We went down to the
hangar. I no sooner walked into the
hangar
and a friend of mine walked up to me and
says, "Have you heard what happened?"
No. Uh, I just got here. He says, 'Well,
a missile, a UFO was reported over Roy
Met, Montana, which is where Oscar
Flight was, and all missiles went off
alert.
And I said, "It's not possible. Couldn't
happen." So, I went to a place called
Job Control just to see, just to confirm
this. And sure enough, on Job Control,
they have a wall and they have green
lights for all the missiles are on
alert. We had 200 missiles at the time
except for one corner. All 10 missiles
were off alert. all 10 whole flight was
off alert all red and so then I said
yeah they were off alert it doesn't
happen
>> and he was also told that we are on
lockdown right now because there's too
much UFO activity going on like like I
mentioned there were overflights of Mel
Air Force Base
>> they assigned me four missiles to
restart he says go ahead get your team
ready but stay here don't leave the
hanger yet until we sure that all the
activity out there has ceased and
there's nothing else going on. Then we
can release you.
So I stayed around for the hanger for a
couple of hours and then just before we
were released we had to go into a
special briefing. Normally we go into a
briefing where they give you your what
your job is, the road road conditions at
the time, weather conditions, anything
else we may need to know. This time they
brought us into a special briefing and
they told us there's UFOs out in the
area.
Here's what you have to do. If you're on
your road and you see a UFO, let us know
by radar and go to the nearest launch
control facility
and okay, if you're breaking into the
site, just break just withdraw from the
site. Let us give us a call and let us
know what's happening. You see a UFO.
However, if you're in the site and
you're doing your work, I to take
myself, my team members, and all our
targeting tapes, take them downstairs
into the silo, close the silo, and we
all take a guard with us. We have to
leave him on top. Nothing happened on
the way out there
and the targeting, the restarts, I had
four of them, and they went rather
smoothly. Missiles went right up as if
nothing had happened to them. And I came
back and then was g brief given another
briefing. I was told I wasn't supposed
to tell about talk about this but I am
coming out now.
>> But Jameson was told about the belt
incident.
>> The same person that told me all 10
missiles went off alert also told me
that there was a UFO that went down into
a canyon near a little town not far from
called Belt, Montana. It's a can there
was a canyon there and there was a UFO
trapped in a canyon.
And uh Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. But he
told me I'd go to the command post. He
sent him a command command post in the
colonel's briefing room. So I went over
there
and I was heard what they what they were
looking at. They had a radio contact
with the people out in the field and
they were telling me about the lights
and now there's blue lights. Now there's
green lights. I was looking at the uh
UFO down at the bottom of the canyon.
Now, they were going, the canyon is too
steep to send men down in the night.
This is at night time. Walls are too
steep to send men down at night or even
a helicopter down through that. So,
they're going to take in soon as
daylight comes, they're going to take
some helicopters and bring go down in
there. And I found out later, yeah, as
soon as daylight came, they sent the
helicopters and this UFO just went right
through the helicopters and out between
the helicopters and out.
>> That's amazing. So you have Bob Jameson
who is a he's a targeting officer. Is
that right?
>> Right.
>> And then who else came out publicly
alongside you to test to testify to this
UFO event?
>> Well, eventually I got a hold of my
commander
who was down there with me. He was the
crew commander,
Fred Maywald.
He had retired a full colonel.
um had a distinguished career in uh
strategic air command uh headquarters.
Uh but of course he verified
the essentials of the story. He didn't
remember at the time when I first
contacted him exactly how many missiles
had gone off alert, but he remembered we
did lose missiles uh during UFO
sightings. Did you record that
conversation or is it public or is it
just you went Tim?
>> I recorded it. It's on my website.
>> That's amazing.
>> spiralgalaxy.org.
>> Check it out.
>> All right. Here's the sequence. I
remember I remember receiving a call
first and and the security guard said,
"Uh, I've seen some UFOs up here flying
around." And I said, "Uh, forget it."
You know, I didn't believe him. I kind
of hung up on him. And then a little
while later, I don't know how long it
was, maybe 5 10 minutes, maybe longer,
uh they called back and guy sounded real
scared and said there was one just
outside the front gate. And uh he he
also said, I recall that uh one of the
other guards had gotten injured in some
way. I I don't I don't think it was from
the UFO. I think it was from uh trying
to climb the fence or something like
that.
Uh and then I hung up or he hung up
because he had to go. This guard got
injured and then
and then I believe you were either
getting up or I woke you up and then
some of our missiles started setting
down. Is that right?
>> Mhm.
>> Is that about how you remember it?
>> Right. We had security alarms and uh
>> Yeah.
problems at a couple of the uh sites.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, I remember the two
guards that had gone out to one of the
sites
uh finally got back scared to death. We
had to relieve them of duty.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, you mean our guards?
>> Oh, I didn't know that.
>> Yeah. Russ Patrol type.
>> Oh, I see. They had gone out to one of
the sites
on the LF and on the way back they lost
radio contact
and we ended up having to send them back
to base earlier. I'm not sure what
happened. I don't think they ever
returned to uh guard duty.
>> And what were they scared about?
>> Well, they had seen these crazy things
then
>> Oh, they did?
>> Yeah.
>> Have they reported that to you? I
reported it to the top side guy.
>> Oh, the topside guy. That's right. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Well,
interesting. Don't you think?
>> Yeah. Um, does anybody at the time after
this experience
come up with a prosaic explanation as to
what's happened or is everybody
basically uh on the sort of consensus
view that there was UFOs appearing and
that ostensibly there's some connection
between the UFOs appearing above the
base and these 10 missiles going down.
There were uh one of the documents we
received from the air force was a
telegram or TX about the echoflight
shutdown. Right? It names two
individuals by name that worked for boy
aircraft. [gasps] Uh
the sack headquarters uh wanted people
to do a complete investigation of what
happened. They used the words, "This is
of grave concern because we don't have
any idea what happened. I've got that
TX." You know, this was no test. There
was no test involved here.
Sack headquarters
uh demanded that Boeing do an
investigation.
>> And SAC for everybody is is strategic
air command.
>> That's right.
>> Yeah. No.
>> So they had they viewed this as a
genuine UFO event taking down.
>> Well,
because there were witnesses uh to the
objects
uh being seen over over the Echollight
and also in in the case of the
Echolight, they had security guards and
maintenance people already on site. They
had stayed the night because they were
going to work on those missiles.
Uh and they reported to uh
Feele, Walt Feele,
uh UFOs overhead or whites that they
couldn't explain overhead uh when the
missiles went down.
>> The strike team that went out, one of
the two claimed that they saw something
over the site.
>> How did they describe that?
>> He just said a large round object
>> directly over the LS.
>> Directly over the site. Let's talk about
a guilt-free alternative to alcohol
that's perfect for your dry January or
anytime you want to unwind. Cornbread's
organic CBD gummies. These gummies are
an absolute lifesaver for my evening
routine. They're a natural way to relax,
celebrate, or wind down without the
hangover. I've cut back a lot on my
alcohol consumption over the last few
years. For a lot of you, trying out Dry
January or cutting back generally, it's
not always easy. But swapping that glass
of wine for cornbread CBD gummies is a
total gamecher. It's a simple upgrade to
your evening routine that leaves you
feeling great the next day without
sacrificing the fun. Plus, with all
natural ingredients, they're the perfect
way to stay balanced. Cornbread hemp
isn't just a product. It's a small way
to bring balance into your life. Whether
you're journaling, meditating, or simply
enjoying some downtime, these gummies
elevate the experience without any of
the guilt. It's like having a moment of
calm in your pocket, ready whenever you
need it. Alcohol doesn't have to be the
default anymore. Whether you're cutting
back for dry January or just looking for
a healthier way to relax, you've got to
try Cornbread CBD gummies. Right now,
American Alchemy listeners can save 30%
on their first order. Just head to
cornbread.com/jesse
and use code jesse at checkout. Again,
that's cornbread.com/jesse.
Code Jesse. Cornbread hemp. This is the
good life.
>> Yeah. There were many witnesses. In
fact, um I mentioned the name of Ray
Fowler.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh Ray Fowler was um a manager working
with under Sylvania Corporation.
Sylvania had the contract for electrical
systems at Melmstrom
and he had people working there,
contractors working for him who reported
to him that they had seen these objects
uh and that they were involved in the
missile shutdowns. So Fowler got this
information from his people. He contacts
Roy Craig, the chief investigator for
Condan,
tells him all about, gives him details,
gives him names, dates, places, etc.,
phone numbers of his people that can
confirm the UFO's connection.
And uh Craig says, "Okay, I'm going to
go out to Malstrom and check this out."
So he goes to Melstrom. And I've got
this on audio tape also, by the way.
He talks to Lewis Chase, the base ops
officer, the base UFO officer, the same
guy that went out to Belt, Montana,
saw the object out there,
wrote a uh two uh messages, one that
said uh US Air Force headquarters and
another one to uh Condan
uh about the activity. And in one of
those he says, "I went to the base
command post or the wing command post
rather and talked to the the officer in
charge there. This was the same officer
that we had reported our incident to."
And he said, "I coordinated with him on
the UFO activity
in writing." He's got this in writing.
When Craig goes out there to talk to
him,
uh, Chase,
he denies it.
>> The following interview conducted by Roy
Craig is with Lieutenant Colonel Lewis
D. Chase, who is chief of the operations
division at Malmstrom Air Force Base,
Montana.
The interview is being conducted
at MRI on October 19th,
1967.
Now, right about that same time, we
heard rumbles from other area that uh
something happened here on the bay
uh related to the uh the failure of a
flight of women. Uh
it's about 24th of March
and uh this
has if any connection with the UFO
business. Uh
the rumor the rumor uh Mel has that
there was a UFO by one of the U
sack maintenance crew who went out uh to
check out why the flight had uh lost
power. uh as far as the status as a
missile site concerned here I can't
discuss with Dr. Right. They thought
what is on alert, what is not for all
periods of time. Uh I shouldn't refer
you to other people on that.
>> Yeah.
>> All I can tell you is at the time that
we had the reported landing uh the whole
area here we we had lots of reports on
them. But I'm not privy to knowledge of
what the status of the missile missile
sites are. You can see this of necessity
must be must be classified and I'm not
privy to this type of knowledge.
I think the the comment that came to us
was that that u some of the maintenance
crew who had to check out sites that had
lost power unexplained.
>> Wow.
>> Uh had said they saw a Wi-Fi come down
and circle the base and broad daylight
or something like this and then this
would denied the next day after it had
been, you know, and then a big hush up
sort of thing. You're not aware of
anything of this sort?
>> No. No. This I'm not because I wouldn't
know what the status of the of the
missiles were.
>> Now, how about
it's common for us to have a commercial
power failure or something like this.
This happens repeatedly such as
commercial power does any. And I just
have a suspicion that some of the
commercial power people have there
happened to be a power outage someplace
and they tried to tie the two of them
together.
But this I wouldn't know. But I would
respect this as a real strong
possibility.
>> He denies knowing anything about it.
>> Why did he do that?
>> He did that because he did not want
Condan investigators
snooping around and putting in their
report that UFOs had shut down missiles.
>> Do you think somebody got to him? Like
why did he have some ulterior motive?
Why why would he want why would he want
to deny, you know, the uh committee that
he's supposedly working for access to an
event that seems like it's
>> because the Air Force organized this
whole con investigation is a whitewash.
[sighs and gasps]
>> It was whitewashed even before they got
started. There's a famous letter written
by the deputy datan, Robert Low,
who wrote a memo
uh
uh stating that
they were it was going to appear to be a
scientific investigation, but indeed
they would find nothing.
>> [snorts]
>> And then there was another letter that
Chase had written after having a big
meeting in June of ' 67 with other base
UFO officers
and the Condan investigative team. Um
uh stating that the um the wording the
final wording for the Condan
investigation would read,
you know, nothing to see here. Yeah, I
believe there are letters too between uh
Colonel Robert Hiper of the Air Force
and Condan and basically Hitler saying
like I want you to show that this was
all a waste of time and money. He's
talking about blue book and Condan sort
of complying with that. So it seemed
like a kind of a hit job from the start.
>> It was a whitewash.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So in fact
>> it was Hitler
when uh after this meeting which I've
between Craig and Lewis
>> Craig went to Low and said maybe we
ought to get the report on their
investigation
and uh Lo said later on he replied he
said I've already talked to Hitler.
Hitler said this is probably going to be
too high uh highly classified for us to
look at.
And plus Hitler told him he they think
the Air Force thinks
that
EMP from nuclear testing was the cause
of these shutdowns.
>> Really?
>> Yes. Really?
>> Back then?
>> Back then. Back.
>> Oh,
>> I've got it in writing.
>> That's wild.
>> Interesting. any specifics on like the
the model or anything or
>> when I read that when we read that my
investigator James Clattz who's a
co-author of that first book we wrote
a gentleman still living uh um
we uh checked with the department of
energy who was in charge of well
cognizant of nuclear
uh testing being done in the Nevada
desert right time.
There were no there were no nuclear
tests on June or March 16th or March
24th.
So it couldn't have been EMP from a
nuclear test.
Yeah. And that's I think you know I got
into this whole squabble online or
whatever where people are saying there
were EMPs at Starfish Prime in ' 62 or
whatever and there there are EMPs that
are caused by nuclear detonations.
>> Yes. But my understanding is that
operational non-nuclear EMPs weren't
maybe at most they were, you know,
undergoing extremely preliminary
investigation at DOE sensitive sites,
but they weren't being used, let alone
on our own nukes, live nukes. There's no
way.
>> Absolutely not. In fact, um, in our book
again, the faded giant, we talk about,
uh, references. We list the references.
Actually, people can look them up.
of uh testing that was done
uh on
our kind of equipment, but it was done
at a base like um
uh Space Missile Systems Organization in
uh San Bernardino Hill Air Force Base in
Utah,
but it was uh not operational equipment.
I mean it
the equipment wasn't operational but it
was the type of equipment we had right
they did want to do authentic tests and
to see what impact was
now we're talking about something like
the production of 6 million volts of
electricity
in EMP uh discharge
we're also talking about uh equipment
that was not mobile.
In order to produce this EMP,
they had to set up u a super structure
to hold
the u the generating device that would
that would uh
fire
seven six million volts.
And that took time to build. I mean it
took at least 3 days from what I
understand. Yeah, you can't install that
in secret. Even in the diagram in the
Wall Street Journal,
>> it was like a 60 foot test stand or
whatever was required to uphold the EMP.
And the idea that that would get wheeled
up to the gate without, you know, any of
these, you know, officers Exactly.
>> understanding that the EMP was there and
not being freaked out about some UFO.
>> Well, they would have reported it. The
guards upstairs would have reported any
activity like that.
>> Yeah, it makes no sense. And it's
interesting to see the Wall Street
Journal use the same cover story as
Robert Hitler used back then. That's you
know kind of
>> well kind of Hitler stated to Low
apparently and I've got this in writing
[gasps] handwritten note by Robert Low
that he talked to Hitler and Hit Hitler
told him
the Air Force thinks that EMP from
nuclear testing was the cause of the
shut down. That's even better cuz that's
like that's like Roswell where they have
you know it's like a weather balloon and
then it's like these you know
Huntington's diseased children using you
know experimental Nazi craft. It's like
they changed the story like five times.
So it sounds like back then it was a
nuclear detonation. Now it's a test EMP.
the exact model of which cited by the
Wall Street Journal wasn't actually
tested until 71 and ready and as until
70 1973, right? Which is absolutely
crazy.
>> Um interesting. Yeah, they got to get
their story straight if you're going to
debunk. Well,
>> uh Boeing also did a bench test on
what's called a logic coupler.
Okay, the logic coupler is uh think of
it as an onboard computer that would
take data from uh onboard instruments
after the launch of the missile Mini man
one. Again, an inertial guidance system.
We didn't have GPS satellites up there
guiding this thing on target, right? It
had to compute how well it was doing to
get on target in flight. and this logic
coupler would help with that processing.
So, Boing
took that piece of hardware and did a
bench test and were able to um
momentarily
um cycle it off
by injecting a certain
um
uh energy or electrical input. uh
certain frequency, voltage,
uh duration,
and uh
basically cause it to malfunction
uh momentarily
and cause the guidance system to shut
down.
>> Interesting.
So
uh they suggested it as a possible cause
of the failure mode guidance and control
system failure. [sighs and gasps]
However, they had no idea how that could
be injected into this each missile
separately within seconds and shut each
missile down
uh so quickly. Um because number one we
had uh what's called a um these large
cable about 8 to 9 in in diameter. They
were triply shielded. They went from the
location we were the capsule
uh underground
for another mile or so. But they were
triply shielded against EMI
electromagnetic interference.
And so they did say in this report that
um they think it was an externally cause
uh it was an external signal that caused
the shutdowns, but they could not
explain how that signal got into the
system.
>> Yeah. So Boeing goes in, they test it,
and presumably they're using whatever
state-of-the-art methods exist at the
time as far as shutting down nukes, and
they're going directly after the
accelerometers, these inertial mass
units. And they can show that they could
do it in one, but that doing it
simultaneously in 10 is impossible,
right?
>> And they admit to being puzzled
afterwards. That's they're they're
brought in as consultants. They are paid
presumably to, you know, success for
them is explaining it in a prosaic
fashion. That's how they're judged and
they're unable to do that.
>> Yeah. They were identified, these two,
the individuals that did this testing
were identified by SAC headquarters by
name. They wanted those two people to do
these uh, you know, to do part of the
investigation.
But we were in contact with uh James
Clattz and I uh made contact with them
and talked to them um and they said that
um they couldn't explain how that signal
could have possibly have gotten in
there. Hey everyone, Jesse here. Let's
talk about something a lot of us quietly
deal with. Hair loss. This is something
that messes with your confidence more
than you'd expect. Okay, you might be
wondering, Jesse, you clearly don't
suffer from this. It's true. The biggest
issue I face is hat hair. I actually
have very thick hair, but one of my good
friends deals with hair loss. So, when I
Restore sent me their I Restore Elite, I
gifted it to him, and I've been amazed
at the results it gave him. The first
thing that stood out to him is it's
comfortable and easy to use. You just
pop it on while reading or working, and
it does its thing. This isn't some
gimmick. It uses 300 lasers and 200 LEDs
to deliver clinically backed red light
therapy straight to the scalp. This is
the best way to stimulate hair growth.
Over the past few weeks, I've seen
noticeable improvement with my friend.
He says that his hair feels thicker and
healthier, and it's improved his overall
confidence in life. The I Restore Elite
uses triple wavelength technology and
Lumat Red light therapy. It's engineered
for deeper penetration and broader
coverage. That means more stimulation to
hair follicles and better, faster
results. And look, if it doesn't work
for you, they offer a 12month money back
guarantee. I've never heard of a money
back guarantee that lasts that long. Try
it consistently and if you're not happy,
they get you your money back. Of course,
the restocking fee applies. That made it
a no-brainer for my friend. So, give
yourself the gift of hair confidence
this spring. For a limited time only,
our listeners get a huge discount on I
Restore Elite when you use code Jesse
Jestore.com.
Head over to irrestore.com and use code
jesse j ssse e for our show's exclusive
discounts on the I restore elite. Please
support our show and tell them we sent
you. Hair loss is frustrating. You don't
have to fight it alone thanks to
Iristore.
How did you after that? Did you live
your life differently? Outside of having
experienced this highly anomalous event
and probably being questioned about it
and wanting to get the message out that
maybe we're we're not alone. uh you know
outside of that did it change your
perspective on life or you know change
your view your worldview in any kind of
profound ways?
>> Well um
I lost confidence in the integrity of
the air force after that for sure. You
know I had planned
uh a career in the air force and after
this I wasn't quite so sure I wanted to
do that. Uh and so it changed it in that
way.
>> Yeah. And Malmstrom is no stranger to
incidents like these, right? So the
eight days before you mentioned the
Echollight incident, what exactly
happened there?
>> Echollight um
Walt Feele again a lieutenant at the
time, later Colonel retired. Uh as far
as I know, still living. Talked to him
about a year ago I think. But um
he was in he was uh in charge of the
facility. Uh and one of the missiles get
shut down. One of the missiles where um
he had guards and security uh well
maintenance people and security people
out at two of the launch facilities.
They had stayed overnight because they
were going to start early the next
morning and do some kind of modification
to these uh missiles.
Um he calls out there and says, "You
guys aren't supposed to do anything
without my permission." And they said,
"We didn't do anything. Uh, by the way,
the these objects are hovering just
above us. [sighs]
[laughter]
And uh,
at first he couldn't believe what they
were saying, but uh, very shortly after
that, all 10 of his missiles went down.
>> Wild. So very similar.
>> Similar. Yeah. And then I want to tell
you about an incident that happened in
1966,
September of 1966
at Minot Air Force Base, [sighs]
North Dakota,
not in Montana. This is just North
Dakota.
Uh again, another witness has come
forward, man by the name of David
Shindell,
um who relieved a crew. Uh but before
they relieved the crew, they he talked
to the security people upstairs who told
who told him that UFOs were seen over
the facility the night before. When they
got down to relieve the crew, all 10
missiles had been shut down.
>> After entering the capsule, our eyes
were immediately transfixed on the
launch control council, which showed
that all missiles were off alert and
unlaunchable.
We had never seen such a thing before.
The outgoing crew briefed us on the wild
events that transpired overnight and
indicated that the missiles
malfunctioned at the time the object was
hovering directly above the capsule and
next to the main gate.
>> And again, uh this was as a result of
the UFO activity above the facility. So,
we're talking between September of ' 66
and March of ' 67, we lost 30 missiles
to UFO activity.
>> It's wild. Yeah.
>> 30
>> 30. That's pretty pretty insane. Um, and
in Malmstrom itself, I mean, even Robert
Hastings, who wrote this, you know,
probably the authoritative chronicle of
all of the UFO events when it comes to
nuclear weapons, UFO and nukes, great
book. Uh,
>> he was a janitor at Malmstrom Air Force
Base, I believe, in ' 67, and he, I
guess this like radar operator had taken
him under his wing and was teaching him
about radar theory and brought him over.
They said they were tracking unknowns at
the time.
>> One night, and as best as I can tell, it
[music] was the second half of March of
' 67, was emptying trash cans and
pushing a broom. And he motioned me over
to his scope.
And he pointed, [music] he said, "We're
tracking." And he probably said,
"Unknkowns." That's the formal term for
unidentified objects. [music] I saw five
blips in the sort of northeast quadrant
of his radar scope.
>> And then he thinks that that might have
been around the same time as as your
incident.
>> It could have been. Uh I believe his
father worked in that facility.
>> That's right. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Uh this was part of the NORAD
organization, right? That
>> Yep. that would monitor the skies for
possible incoming,
you know, bombers or whatever heading
for the US.
But, uh, yeah, that's that's true.
>> And then I believe um, in 1993, there's
a a now retired missile technician, a
guy named John Mills, who was headed, I
think, with, you know, some four other
guys. They had left the base and they're
headed towards Malmstrom. they saw a UFO
hovering around Malmstrom. They get back
to the base and apparently everybody
there said that the base had been
swarmed. Um, and so and then there's
there's even there other there's a guy
named Chris Langan who's known for
having this sort of theory of everything
in physics, which you know, maybe take
that with a grain of salt. I don't know
how real that is, but you know, maybe
he's got a big ego. I don't know if the
theory is real. I don't think he's lying
about the fact that he said he was
driving past, you know, um uh uh uh near
uh Malmstrom and he sees a UFO right
ahead
>> on the UFO thing. I was working for the
Forest Service, not too far from
Malmstrom Air Force Base. One day I was
up there in a Forest Service pickup
truck at a certain campground and uh I
was there and suddenly I look up and I I
say suddenly, it was just in the sky. I
became aware that it was up there and I
looked up. There's this huge spheroidal,
you know, but elliptical, not not a
perfect spheroid, like a saucer that was
turned partially on its side. So it just
seems like there's a real pattern over
time with
>> uh even though the air force tried to
get out of in in 1969
they even quoted the Condan
investigation said that um we have no
evidence that UFOs cause are a cause of
national security concern
and uh therefore
We're going to shut down Blue Book.
We're not going to be reporting to the
public on UFO sightings, and we're
probably not going to do much
investigating ourselves. Well,
uh, incidents continue to occur,
you know, again in, uh, uh, 1975 at
Malmstrom. Uh there is a NORAD report of
UFO sight settings again over Melmstrom
uh missile bases [sighs]
1968.
Uh I've listed about 13 in my book uh
incidents involving nuclear weapons and
UFO.
>> And when you did come out and go public,
you you've done interviews with Larry
King and you've spoken at various
conferences all over the world. Um, did
you receive any backlash and did you uh
experience any resistance about your
testimony?
>> I never have.
>> That's pretty remarkable. Do you have a
theory as to why? Because some of your
colleagues who have come gone public,
people like Bob Jacobs, photo
instrumentation specialist at Vandenberg
in ' 64, he's experienced obviously a
lot of reprisals and, you know, took a
career, such a career hit that they
denied he ever even worked at at
Vandenberg and was, you know, uh uh even
involved, you know, in the Air Force.
>> Yeah. my uh uh I'm just speculating
again why because I did sign a
non-disclosure agreement which basically
I violated when I started going public
about my incident being at Oscar flight.
I didn't find that out until 1996 when I
finally contacted uh I was able to
contact my commander Fred Maywald
and he told me we were not at Echo
Flight. We were at Oscar Flight. I've
been speaking that about the Echollight
incident as though it was mine because
it was so similar to what I had
recalled.
>> But once he told me that, I realized I
was in violation of the NDA
and I had to make a decision as to
whether I I should shut up, no longer
talk about it, or keep going, keep
talking about it. And I decided to keep
going.
>> Did they make you sign an NDA around
this specific incident or just working?
Really?
>> Yes.
>> And that's what everybody says. That's
what Mario Woods says. That's what you
know, everybody who experiences the
incident right after they make you sign
an NDA,
>> right?
>> And do you remember what the NDA said or
like what what that was like? Like like
who came up to you and said, "You have
to sign this?"
>> Yeah. Uh right after we were relieved by
another crew after our incident
occurred, we were ordered back to the
base to our squad commander's office.
We walked in there and uh first thing I
asked, by the way, uh my squad commander
who was an exWorld War II B17 pilot,
tough as nails, he was white as a sheet.
And I asked him what the hell happened
there. I, you know, in our incident,
was this some kind of an Air Force test
to see, you know, how we'd respond or
anything like that? He said, "Absolutely
not. There was no test involved." He
didn't know anything more than I did.
And by the way, he introduced me to a
man from AFOSI, Air Force Office of
Special Investigation.
who was in the office with him and all
he wanted was to have us sign a
non-disclosure agreement. I complained
about that because um we already had
above top secret. You know, if they told
us not to talk about this, we wouldn't,
you know. Um but that seems like a
recurring pattern is an Air Force office
with special investigation agent always
shows up around nuclear UFO incidents
and then swears you to secrecy,
>> right?
>> So that's Yeah. just seems like this uh
pattern that's fascinating.
>> They want to clamp down on witnesses.
>> Are you familiar with have you heard of
the pentacle memo? Do you know what that
is?
>> No.
>> So this was Jacqu Valet who is kind of
Jaylen Heinik's assistant you know blue
book obviously Jaylen Heinik is this you
know northwestern professor astronomer.
So Jacques Val is looking through the
blue book blue book files and he finds
this thing called the pentacle memo
which is this guy named Howard Cros who
is a guy who works at Battel Memorial
Institute and he is writing basically uh
saying like we have a all these
sensitive sites around which UFOs are
showing up regularly and we know that
these hotspots exist and Battel is going
to do a more surgical real investigation
of these things while basically, you
know, Blue Book is going to go on doing
its kind of front front-facing kind of
BS PR job and Jacqu Valet and apparently
this couldn't get brought up around the
Robertson panel like there's you're you
were not supposed to bring this this
memo up and so Jacqu Valet goes to
Jaylen Heinik privately and says, "Did
you know about this?" like, you know,
are you um are you kind of complicit in
uh uh basically concealing,
you know, our what's supposed to be this
earnest UFO inquiry from this actually
real vital investigation that's going on
around, you know, nuclear sites across
the US and Jaylen Heinick kind of plays
dumb and says, you know, I didn't know
about it and stuff. Uh, but I do wonder
sometimes, you know, especially when you
hear this very coordinated effort that
involves Air Force Office of Special
Investigations agents, was there
something underneath Blue Book,
underneath the Cotton, you know,
commission that was very real about, you
know, there was a real UFO investigation
going on at the time.
>> Oh, absolutely. No question about it. Uh
I mentioned that uh you know since
probably 47
there's been um an attempt to
uh seriously cover up uh anything um
that was found related to UFOs, you
know, such such as craft that were
retrieved or
nonhuman intelligences that were
retrieved. Uh, and those were studied
and worked on in secret.
Well, like you say, organizations like
Blue Book were just kind of a
a way to uh quell
public excitement over this subject.
>> Yeah. At what point do you think the Air
Force made that decision to split off
kind of, you know, the this front-facing
facade blue book and then more vital
investigations of UFOs? Was it around
the Robertson panel in 1952 maybe or
>> Okay, so in uh 1948
there was a um
uh and this was the precursor to Blue
Book. It was called Project Sign,
>> right?
people that were working on that had
come up with enough information, pilot
reports, etc. U [sighs and gasps]
to conclude that these were
extraterrestrial objects. They were not
manufactured on Earth and they wanted
and so the the Air Force chief of staff
Vandenberg
uh wanted a briefing and so they
produced a briefing for him
uh called the estimate of the situation.
It was a real document. It was seen by
Rupelt
uh who would be the next uh head of Blue
Book, the first head of Blue Book really
uh after project sign. And he read the
thing and and he could confirmed in his
book. I've got a copy of his book that
he wrote [sighs and gasps]
uh Rupelt wrote
>> his report on the unidentified
object. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
And um he confirmed that uh they had
strong evidence that these were not
aircraft uh that we knew how to build uh
because the their abilities to maneuver
maneuvering abilities [gasps]
and confirmed this must have been from
elsewhere.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, you had Nathan Twining
writing in this 1947 memo to this guy
Brigadier Schulgrren and he's saying,
you know, UFOs are not visionary or
fictitious. He even says in the
postcript of the memo, we have within
our means or within our knowledge the
ability to build these crafts, but if we
were to do that, if if if directed, you
know, these would need to basically look
like the Manhattan project. They need to
take place in a wholly separate
compartment from existing projects. and
you know kind of exist very you know
subrosa and in this sort of secret
>> but anyway uh Vandenberg uh
didn't buy this estimate of the
situation
and uh basically
informed Blue Book that you know they're
full of it. They're they're going to
tamp down on uh any
any idea that these could be
extraterrestrial
and and so they changed the whole fabric
of uh Blue Book. Um
after that turned into a project grudge
I think it was called.
>> Yeah.
>> After Blue Book. Um
and that's when they started uh doing
more disinformation
and and again from the Robertson panel
too the the directive was um let's keep
an eye on UFO act uh groups that are
looking at this these reports. Uh let's
infiltrate them.
uh let's you know do whatever we can to
keep the public from getting too excited
about all this.
>> Yeah.
>> To this day,
>> right? [laughter]
>> So we just talked about the Condan
Commission which was a very interesting
you know supposed to be this impartial
study that the Air Force was supposed to
have no involvement with and you know
they were going to objectively evaluate
the results of Blue Book. I think we
both know that might actually not have
been the case. It might have been sort
of a bad faith effort.
Talk talk to us about that because
that's I didn't even realize, you know,
I've been talking about your story for a
while because such a remarkable case
>> and I didn't even realize how much the
Condan Commission kind of tied in, you
know, with the officer there and Yeah.
[clears throat]
>> Uh well, let me let me just start with
this. Um, in 1949,
I believe it was, um, Jed Ghuber wrote a
letter, um,
to Congress.
I'm not sure it was McCarthy or not,
but, uh,
in that letter, he identified Edward
Condan as,
and, I'm paraphrasing,
nothing less than a Russian spy.
[laughter]
I've got a copy of that letter. And so
Conan, who had been um actually part of
u the Manhattan Project, he was number
two man under um under Openheimimer,
but there was a security issue.
I don't know the details of that, but
uh he was asked to resign from the
Manhattan project from because of some
security issue. And so he did resign but
later he was appointed um
I'm um not sure the agency but
uh by Truman he was appointed to some
head of agency and then this letter
comes out from Hoover and um so he was
questioned by uh during the McCarthy
hearings and uh eventually he lost his
security clearance. as a result of that.
And so he went to work for the
University of Colorado as a physicist.
He was a very good physicist, well
respected.
Um
and at some point um
a I think this was a someone who knew
him, Lou Branskum.
>> Lou Branskum. Yeah.
>> Yeah. he came to visit Condan and said,
you know,
uh, and this was in the
around 1966, I think it was. Um, I said,
you know, it's been a while since um
since you lost your security clearance.
Maybe it's time you reapply to see if
you can get that clearance back [sighs]
because I know you want to do some
research uh um and get some government
funding for it.
And um
he said um
well he wasn't sure this would be um
successful
but Bransk told him uh you know the Air
Force needs someone to head up this UFO
study and
it would help if you accepted that it
will probably help you get your security
clearance.
Anyway, that's
that's the background. I don't know what
actually happened there, but uh
Conan actually gave an interview to the
um
um physical society or physical
>> American Institute of Physics.
>> Thank you. American Institute of
Physics. He gave a long interview uh and
I think this was discussed in that
interview.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's funny in that
interview he talks about Lou L Branscom
just randomly goes up to him. He says,
"Hey, maybe you should get your security
clearance back. No explanation." And
Branscom is deep in the uh kind of
defense, you know, elite apparatus of
the US at the time. He's a part of the
Jason Advisory Group, which is, you
know, this group that's meeting in Santa
Barbara talking about the most kind of
elite frontier weaponry, you know, uh uh
defensive and offensive. And so he he
goes to to to Khan and says, "Maybe you
should get your security clearance
back." The interviewer in this American
Institute of Physics interview with uh
Condan then says, "Why'd you need your
security clearance? Like if all of this
stuff was bogus, were you, you know,
reviewing any sort of classified
material as part of the Condan, you
know, commission?" And he gets very
awkward and he says, "Well, you know,
maybe there was a video or two. I don't
really know." You know, sort of like
walking back, you know, his stuff.
>> Um, and it's interesting. I didn't know
that about the Jag Garoover letter about
him, but I did I did know that a guy
named Guy Hodddle, who's an FBI field
agent in Washington, is basically uh
creating a dossier on Condan throughout
the 50s after he loses his Q clearance.
>> And he did clash with Leslie Grove six
weeks into the Manhattan Project because
he wanted, you know, more openness
around nuclear stuff. Uh and so that's
why he was fired. And so that brings up
this line in uh the movie Oppenheimer
where Leslie Groves's character he says,
you know, I didn't hire Oppenheimer in
spite of his communist sympathies. I
hired him because of them.
>> And I think about this guy in in Condan
who's been marginalized. You know, he's
lost his Q clearance. They said that,
you know, he had labor labor sympathies
in the 20s or whatever. And then they
just randomly give him his clearance
back. you know, they and they have all
this comprom.
I mean, who I couldn't pick a better
person to do your dirty work as far as
kind of doing a hit job on on the whole
UFO thing,
>> right?
>> It's fascinating.
>> Also, you know, he wrote the McMahon
Secrecy Act, which was in 1946.
>> A lot of the language in that act worked
its way into the Atomic Energy Act of
1954. And so, he's kind of laid out the
secrecy protocols for UFOs. And then so
it's this weird history with Condan.
It's just fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think that that's going on at all
today? Because you, you know, you have
this Wall Street Journal article coming
out saying that an EMP was, you know,
somehow wheeled up to, you know,
Malmstrom in plain sight of all these
people who claim to witness a UFO. They
don't even report on the witnessing of
the UFO. They just discard that
entirely. It just seems like a hit job.
like this doesn't seem like an earnest
uh impartial accounting of the facts
that you relayed to them.
>> Yeah, let's talk a little bit about
that. Why would they come after me? Uh
well,
I can think of uh the rationale
uh that would go this way. um
the basis of our national security. So
says the Department of Defense
on a yearly basis when they they put out
their um nuclear posture review. It's a
basically a a statement um
about nuclear weapons is that
nuclear deterrence is the
backbone the basis of our national
security.
Nuclear deterrence.
So
if I start, you know, coming forward and
speaking about
strange objects that are able to, uh,
disable our nuclear weapons.
[sighs and gasps]
Uh, of course, um,
that's going to require the Department
of Defense to explain what they're doing
about it, if anything, whether they can
do anything about it. And they've al
already said no. uh nuclear deterrence
which is the concept started in the 50s
by the way that says if we have a
prepundonderance of nuclear weapons more
[clears throat] than any other nation or
at least as much
um no nation will attack us with nuclear
weapons or even non-uclear weapons. Um
and so we've used that rationale.
That rationale caused uh the arms race
during the cold war, right?
To the point where in 1967
uh the world uh nuclear powers had a
32,000
nuclear weapons.
Now,
uh, these weapons range, you know, in
the kiloton range to, uh, to megaton or
million tons of TNT equivalent.
Um, but certainly enough to destroy
every living thing on Earth if we use
them in a nuclear war. And we still have
20,000
today total.
Uh we've got nine new uh nuclear nations
and uh everybody's afraid now that Iran
will get one.
>> That's right. And
um the fact is that u
you know with uh an a an effort it's
nuclear weapons are probably could
probably be accessed by any country that
really wants them because the technology
is out there. How to build a nuclear
bomb is out there.
In fact, I once saw a website that went
through all the details on how to do
that.
>> Jesus.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. [sighs and gasps]
Uh
anyway, um so I don't think uh the the
the reason they would want to discredit
people like myself, Dave Chandell, and
many other witnesses
to this phenomenon where UFOs have been
interacting at nuclear weapons
facilities.
Um, I've only touched the surface with
those 13 that I mentioned in my book.
There have been many, many others. I've
been in touch with witnesses
who are afraid to come forward or can't
come forward because of uh
non-disclosure agreements
and fear of losing their jobs or their
lives, whatever. Um, but there are many
other witnesses out there that could
come forward
uh to talk about incidents that happened
um where they were involved.
>> Have you met any witnesses who have not
been public and kind of fear for their
lives or reputations and confide in you
around this stuff?
>> Yes.
>> Have you met any that also have nuclear
incidents, nuclear related?
>> Yes. Have you met any that have seen
craft in hangers in on the ground or are
they all aerial witnessings of UFOs?
Well,
uh what I can tell you is that uh
I had um
uh something happened to me where I met
uh one of my friends from the Air Force
Academy
um who indicated to me that he had
actually flown um
um
a craft similar to a UFO
uh that operated under the similar
principles.
>> Wow.
Was in his belief it was of non-human
origin or it was like in some sort of
>> uh gravity modifying craft that we had
built. [laughter]
>> [gasps]
>> uh we didn't get into those details but
uh
let's just say I believed him and uh so
I think we have back engineered uh craft
that had been recovered.
>> That's wild. Did he say anything about
the experience of flying it like the
GeForce or the
>> He was pretty excited but uh
the way it went down it was very quick.
[sighs and gasps]
>> Uh he was
Um, he didn't want to go into details.
Obviously, this was highly classified.
[sighs]
Um, and he was concerned about my
knowing about it after he said it.
>> But you you feel like he was
trustworthy.
>> Absolutely. I spent four years
going through the academy with him.
>> Wow.
>> Well, that that's always
>> I knew I knew him very well.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's not not your uh
limited hangout, you know, at a UFO
conference, you get targeted with some
some info or whatever. It's this is a
long trusted friend
>> who opens up to you towards the end of
that four-year period around this.
>> Oh, it was after
>> it was after.
>> Oh, yeah. I was out of the Air Force at
the time.
>> So, how long had you known him before he
confided in you around this?
Well, I'
uh I'd say uh well, we went through four
years together and this was about 10
years after graduation.
>> Well, I won't push you farther, but if
he wants to go public at any point, I
would talk to him. [laughter]
>> That is fascinating.
>> Yeah. Uh but I [sighs]
let's just say I know other witnesses
who could come forward and validate some
of these things.
>> It's so interesting. I mean yeah clearly
even you look at Robert Hastings's book
and you have 167 Q cleared guys who all
had to sign NDAs immediately after their
sightings many of whom faced career
reprisals. You have to think if 167
people who are coming out despite all
the disincentives to come out, it's got
to be thousands of actual witnesses and
people who who you know in reality have
experienced things around nuclear
specifically alone.
>> Um there have been many many. Yes. And
it's so interesting too to you know
sometimes you'll hear about a UFO story
in the lore like the aerial school
sighting in 1994 with you have 60 you
know school children in Zimbabwe and you
learn that there's a uranium mine right
there or the Pasigula you know the
fisherman in Pasigula you know and in 74
and then you realize that all the you
know Navy nuclear subs were being built
in Pasigula Missouri. So there's often
this kind of unknown connection too. Do
you think that it's um you know we were
talking about theories before the
cameras were rolling. Do you think that
they're trying to save us from ourselves
and make us realize our sort of brutish
ways? Do you think that it generalizes
beyond nuclear to like you know advanced
science like particle accelerators or AI
or you know any other things like that
or do you think it's just nuclear? What
do you think?
Uh well, what I think is u
uh they see us as very warlike and and
with nuclear weapons um we could we
could have a nuclear war. I mean it's
not out of the realm of possibility. Now
[sighs] I think um what's happening in
currently with Iran and Israel
um
you know we can we can all visualize how
that could escalate into the use of
[sighs and gasps] of nuclear weapons.
>> I Yeah, go for it now. What were you
going to say? Uh we also have Pakistan
and India who are at war with each other
both nuclear powers.
Russia has threatened to use so-called
tactical nukes against Ukraine.
Uh
but even if a small nuke like a
and by that we're talking about uh these
tactical nukes are 15 to 20 kilotons
equivalent
uh TNT and [clears throat] that's the
same size nuke that was used at
Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
>> Yeah, it's a scary state. We're in a
multipolar
nuclear world. It's a like you know it's
funny. I feel like cold war uh tensions
have died down in some ways as far as
like the zeitgeist, you know, that sort
of dive, duck, and roll. Like we're
we're not mentally prepared, but it's
actually worse than, you know, maybe
pre, you know, Berlin wall falling where
all of a sudden you have Xi and Putin
closer than they've ever been. You know,
Iran and Israel is really a proxy war
for this larger kind of global global
conflict. You have Pakistan, you know,
having nukes, which like, you know,
think about the amount of uh al-Qaeda
still in Wazeristan, northern Pakistan,
like that could be a failed state at any
moment. I think Obama was quoted as
saying that keeps him up more than
anything at night that Pakistan becoming
a failed state. So the amount of threat
vectors around nuclear specifically are
growing. And sometimes I think I don't
know if you think this too that like if
there was ever a an explicit disclosure
moment, it might occur around us being
on the brink. If you have another kind
of Cuban Cuban missile crisis or an
event where nukes are about to go off
and you have more explicit intervention
like the intervention you saw at
Melmstrom in ' 67 but around missiles
that are maybe about to go off or
something that might bring the you know
kind of collective world into greater
understanding around these things. I
don't know. So in 1914, HG Wells wrote
this book called The World Set Free. And
in that book, he talks about
uh the construction of an atomic bomb.
>> Yeah. M and not only that but he talks
about um in different terms but the
generation of of energy or electricity
from u a nuclear reactor.
>> He even predicted dates which are close.
The first nuclear reactor went online in
Russia in 1954 and I think he he
mentions in his this novel the world set
free. Um
it happened in uh 55 I think in in this
book.
Um but even talks about the first time
on a splitting of the atom
and something like the transmutation
uh which occurred creating uh two
different elements by the splitting of
the atom. Yeah. which actually happened.
That was um uh happened to be a Nazi
scientist by the name of um
Han I think
uh who did an experiment in 1938
and uh was first uh to split the atom.
And plus they detected a certain uh
amount of energy from from that reaction
that could be enormous if uh many atoms
were split
uh in very short order which was the
chain reaction right which was later
done. But anyway, this book became uh
um
the reason that uh was it was brought to
the attention by Einstein and and
another fellow whose name I can't
remember right now, but they wrote to
FDR
for a meeting about the possibility
that Germany could build an atomic bomb.
Um,
and that's what started uh the process
of u having our own program, the
Manhattan Project uh to to beat Nazi
Germany to the bomb. Yeah.
>> So fascinating. Yeah. The history is so
amazing. And you know, the Germans
really seemed ahead of us for a while.
They were worried. Heisenberg was known
as this genius at the time and he was
running the German program,
>> right? And then Luis Walter Alvarez at
the Livermore Lab, you know, figured out
that, you know, maybe maybe we could do
this too. And then it seems like they
went off on the wrong path and really
started experimenting with this heavy
water engine, you know, this sort of
dutarium. Um
>> and uh
>> and that ended up not working out. But
um who knows, you know, the this is
really trippy and weird, but it's just a
connection I made is um a lot of the
rumors around, you know, UFOs and how
they fly involve a dutyium reactor, you
know, in the middle, like a heavy water
engine. And so I wonder if, you know,
one timeline is like super destructive
where we figure out the nuclear bomb and
then maybe maybe Heisenberg was like on
to something that involved civilside
propulsion or something and then and
then that's where the that's what the
ETSs or whatever these beings are, the
non-human, you know, beings are
>> are flying around in,
>> right?
Well, you know, I like to conjecture
that um since these are very advanced
beings, if they were able to travel
intergalactically or, you know, from
another star system,
um
that they've been uh they've been
through this process of uh developing
weapons of mass destruction, maybe
fought wars themselves, and
and But we're finally able to determine
how to live in peace with their
neighbors.
And they want to see us accomplish the
same thing and get rid of our nuclear
weapons and try [clears throat] to learn
how to live in peace.
>> Yeah. Is there a science fiction book
that most accurately describes your
worldview or do you think Yeah. What do
you have a sense of the intention of the
non-human intelligence? I mean, it
sounds like you think that they're
trying to kind of wake us up a little
bit, but
>> Well, I mean, uh, to me, I'm I'm just
using logic. I'm, you know, I'm I'm
thinking
if they're so far advanced than us, they
must have been through the same
evolutionary process or a similar
process
uh where they had difficulty dealing
with other
groups, you know, other life forms and
uh possibly had wars like we have had.
and and they can see what where we're
headed if we keep down this path. Like I
said, the Department of Defense uses
this idea of nuclear deterrence or
having a nuclear weapons program that's
greater, better than anyone else
uh as a means to protect our national
security. That's the basis. And so they
want to keep the nuclear program going
or with nuclear weapons, you know, and
put the fear in everybody else that
might try to attack us. And that's but
that's not sustainable. That's not a
sustainable
program if other countries feel the same
way, right? Because they're going to
want nuclear weapons, too. And they
have.
>> Yeah. It's a scary time,
>> right? It's hard to say where this all
leads or goes, but like
>> probabilistically, if you don't have
non-human intelligence in the mix, then
you'd assume some sort of nuclear
calamity, you know, near term. Like it's
hard to say that like if you have what'
you say 20,000 nukes now and you know,
uh
>> approximately an increasingly kind of
bulcanized complex web of alliances, you
know, and with tensions rising,
>> right? Uh it doesn't feel good.
>> No, it's not good.
>> Yeah.
>> And so that's why we have to make the
effort to try to abolish them uh
worldwide.
The salt I think was uh no it's called a
new start treaty when President Obama
was in office actually signed a treaty
with Russia
to reduce the number of operational
weapon nuclear weapons. I think it was
1,500 each. So we each country would
have 1,500.
Um and then work towards reducing them
till we got to zero both the US and
Russia. And of course there was a
inspection regime where they would they
would send inspectors here, we would in
send inspectors there to see
um what was going on in each country
with the reduction of nuclear weapons.
So there was an active program to go to
zero between two of the major players in
nuclear weapons. Um, so we we can't just
assume
this can't be done. As Openheimer said
in his one of his last speeches that he
gave u to his scientists, uh, we can't
afford to think that we can't abolish
all nuclear weapons. Well, yeah, you had
the salt talks as well in the 70s and
you had uh back channels that JFK had
established with Kruev where he was
trying for Daytona and trying for you
know denuclearization and you had guys
like Alan Dulles who he had fired
director of the CIA who basically wanted
to take him out whether he did or not.
you know, I think he might have, but um
you know, around around that issue and
then yeah, like you said, Obama had that
initiative, but then you look at the
same forces kind of behind Obama and you
had this Ukraine peace deal in April of,
you know, uh 2022, right after it
started. And
you know, we have not done Ukraine any
favors by telling them not to sign that
deal. you know, they've lost hundreds of
thousands of people and maybe it's some
strategy to like tire out, you know,
Russia or something, but it doesn't seem
like Putin's very happy with us. You
have Medvidev, you know, former
president on Twitter saying, you know,
uh uh this is, you know, this is going
to get really bad, you know, like really
suggestive videos that he's posting and
stuff. And so, yeah, it's a weird time.
This is a kind of a crazy segue, but you
know, Medvidev was interviewed actually
and it was on April Fool's Day and an
interviewer asked him about um UFOs and
thought that you know he would not take
it seriously and then he goes, "Oh yeah,
no, we have an extensive file about this
stuff.
President
and he talks about a nuclear connection.
>> No doubt.
>> And it's so fascinating. You're like,
and maybe it's plausible deniability for
him because it's on April Fools or
whatever, but it's it's wild that he's
you have this former, you know, Russian
president talking about this crazy,
>> right?
And there have been other Russian
officials that come out and say, "Yeah,
we we've got people studying the UFO
questions." So,
um,
no doubt that these incidents have
happened all over the world.
>> All over the world. You have a Yeah.
Russian general Vasilei Alexa coming out
in a German magazine 2000 saying
>> this stuff. And then the one one of my
favorite ones is there's um Maronei, you
know, this radio engineer, famous radio
engineer. So, he is rumored to be part
of, you know, this Majestic 12
equivalent, quote unquote, in Italy
called the RS33. I actually, I don't
know if you remember this, I met you
briefly at the San Marino event, um,
which is this global UFO conference held
there in Italy. And so, you have Roberto
Pen and other guys, you know, uh, uh,
Paulo Gazardi, you know, who do research
on this out there. Um, and Marone's
grandson in an interview that's
>> vid everybody can see the video of this.
He's speaking to Ogo magazine, which is
I guess their people magazine
equivalent. So, it's sort of a gossip
magazine, but he says, "Yeah, my
grandfather had a lot to do with the UFO
and ET issue. He's a part of this select
committee um with uh uh um why am I
blanking on the the Mussolini?"
>> Yeah, there you go. He was part of a
select committee with Luc Mussolini to
to to study this stuff. Um and so it's
just fascinating.
>> This was the magenta crash. Magenta
Italy
>> in 1933.
>> 33. You mentioned Roberto Penotei.
He just finished a book about the
magenta crash and and shows
documentation that yeah really did
happen. Maronei uh who invented radio
um
uh was assigned by Mussolini to head up
the group that would investigate this
and study the craft
etc. And that craft may uh you know it's
reasonable to see where that craft was
taken [sighs and gasps] to Germany to
Nazi Germany where studies were done uh
with that craft. In fact, uh, Warner von
Brawn,
uh, who we know was later taken under,
uh, you know, taken back to the US after
World War II under Operation Paperclip,
right? And he worked on the Apollo
program.
He knew a lot of the astronauts.
Used to have astronauts over to his
house on weekends for barbecues.
And in fact, um,
uh, Gordon, let's see, Gordon Cooper,
>> Gordon Cooper wrote a book, and in that
book, he talks about,
um, van Braun telling him that they
actually worked on on UFO craft in
Germany, Nazi Germany.
>> Wow.
uh and actually had a flying model.
>> That is fascinating. I didn't know that
Gordon Cooper wrote that. That's really
amazing.
>> Absolutely. And
>> wow. I got to check that out. That's
wild.
>> Yeah. You get a hold of his book. I can
I forgot the name of the book, but uh he
did write it in there. Uh so chances are
Yeah. the back engineering of UFOs goes
way back. That is fascinating. Gordon
Cooper is no scrub. You know, he spent
more time in in orbit than anybody
before him as an astronaut as part of
the Mercury missions,
>> right?
>> These were before the Apollo missions.
That's amazing. I didn't know that. I
had I got to research that's that's
fascinating.
>> Look into it.
>> I will. Yeah, cuz Warner von Braun pops
up in these stories. you know, he Edgar
Mitchell says that he, you know, comes
to him and says, you know, he has
knowledge of this stuff and
>> apparently he was involved in Edgar
Mitchell actually doing these sort of
remote viewing parasycchology
experiments, you know, in space and
stuff. So, there's tangential there, all
these anecdotes, but that's maybe the
most interesting anecdote of them all
that he said he was directly involved in
reverse engineering craft,
>> right?
>> Fascinating. In fact, other of the uh
paperclip scientists from Nazi Germany
confirmed this
>> um again during these weekend meetings
with some of the astronauts.
>> Well, you know, um Warner von Brown's
mentor is a guy named Herman Oberth. And
Herman Oberth is on video speculating
about UFOs. He says, you know, the the
existence of UFOs should make anybody
question reality. And then he's he talks
about you know um uh time manipulation
involved in UFO travel and he was openly
very interested in this stuff. So and
then he actually as part of paperclipip
comes to the US to work as part of
convell as well. So
>> yeah it's fascinating.
>> How do you evaluate because you
obviously are very high conviction on
your own experience. you have all these
you're you're kind of you know brothers
in arms with the nuclear experiences
where I'm sure you have to slap a pretty
high probability on those being real
given your own experience. You have a
bunch of new whistleblowers now coming
out in other context saying they've
worked on programs or seen things. How
do you evaluate those?
Well, like I said, I uh from personal
contact with a friend of mine, I I'm
convinced that we have back engineered
uh recovered craft [sighs and gasps]
and um even flown uh some models of
that. Uh so I have no doubt about that.
um
the u
uh
genetics studies or the uh studies that
have been done on tissue of
these beings that have been recovered.
Uh I think that has been done. That's
there's
there's been reports of that, good
reports and by individuals and
so yeah, and all that's being hidden
from the public.
>> Yeah. Do you think do you have any hope
of any of this stuff coming out at any
point or do you think it's just so
locked down and tightly controlled that
we never get to see what a craft looks
like? we don't understand its flight
principles at most certain things leak
in sort of these limited you know
managed ways you know what do you think
>> well let's just say I'm hopeful I'm
hopeful but we still have this committed
organization
that I call the UFO cabal uh secrecy
cabal uh which is determined to maintain
the secrecy for
a multitude of reasons you know, greed
and power and [gasps and sighs]
uh you know, these secrets are very
valuable. Um, it can be used as,
you know, bartering chips.
Um, but it's a worldwide organization,
well organized, well funded,
[sighs and gasps] and uh, it's going to
be tough to break through.
Do you have any final things to say to
the Wall Street Journal, to Joel
Sheckchman, to Sean Kirkpatre?
I mean, yeah, I'd like to know
[sighs and gasps]
what evidence Arrow has.
Uh,
so that they were able to tell Joel
Sheckchman that this was some sort of
EMP test.
And if they have no evidence, in other
words, uh
that then they're obviously um
in intended to discredit me in in some
way for whatever reason. And uh it shows
the
modus operendi of the secrecy cabal and
in that they want to
discredit witnesses like myself. And by
the way, I'm not the only one only
witness to these incidents involving
UFOs and nuclear weapons. There are many
many out there, including Dave Chandel,
I mentioned,
uh,
uh, Walter Feel,
etc. I I could name others, but some
don't want to be named.
>> Yeah. No, I mean, it seems very very
common. I was I was diligencing cuz I I
invest in companies. That was my day
job. I'm sort of not doing that too much
anymore. But a month or two ago, I was
helping out a friend and he wanted uh
help on an investment and it was
actually this like uh way to create an
artificial ozone layer to, you know, I
thought it was a little hairbrained.
Honestly, I didn't think it was the best
best deal to do, but it was this Israeli
entrepreneur and he came from the
Israeli nuclear program. And so I was
like at the end of you know speaking to
him of course about the company I was
like look do you think that there's any
you know UFO connection when it when it
comes to this stuff you know Hashed your
you know the head of your space force
equivalent has said all these kind of
really interesting things about UFOs but
also like uh you know this kind of
secret space program and um you know
this galactic federation or whatever and
he got very kind of uncomfortable and he
was like we should talk in person or so
you know we should we talk, you know,
he's like it was just kept deflecting.
And I don't know, I think you get a lot
of that when it comes to the new the
nuclear thing clearly is if you were to
pick a starting point for empirical
grounded inquiry into all this stuff,
there's just so much [__] out there,
>> but the nuclear thing seems like this
really clear. uh you know after I read
the article the uh [sighs]
the hit piece disinformation
uh I wrote um a rebuttal and it was I
listed 14 reasons why
uh it couldn't have been EMP testing
that shut down my missiles and it was
about 1100 or 1200 words I sent that to
the Wall Street Journal. They wrote back
and said, "We can't accept this because
it's too long.
We have uh a limit of between 250 and
270 words for any kind of uh
op ed or opinion piece or
they didn't use the word rebuttal but
anyway they rejected it and they said if
you can condense it to 270
words uh then uh we'll consider it.
>> What is that like a half a page or
something? That's not a lot of words.
>> That's about a half a page. That's wild.
That That doesn't make sense to me.
Also, it's like you have this what his
thing was like 11 pages or something,
the original piece, and then you you're
and then you're only allowing,
>> you know, um an Air Force veteran.
>> You're you're in your 80s now. Is that
right? Or
>> That's right.
>> That's amazing. And and and
>> they even mentioned in the article, by
the way, that I'm an octogenarian.
I don't know what that has to do with
anything, but uh
>> well, what a what a sucker punch though
to somebody who served served their
country to say that, you know, there's
this [__] cover story about an EMP,
not include any of the details around
people topside actually seeing UFOs. all
of the other cases, the Oscar, you know,
the um uh you know, the Echo Flight case
eight days before and all the cases
since at Malmstrom, just ignore all of
that and then allow you to publish
something that is literally 5% the
length of their original piece. That's
absurd.
>> I agree. But I made the effort and sent
them a 270word
rebuttal.
Uh, and just yesterday, no, just this
morning. Sorry.
>> Uh,
they said they were going to consider
it, but they probably have to edit it.
>> It's crazy.
>> I I wrote back and said, "Why should you
edit my rebuttal on your
article, which was full of errors?"
>> No, they they clearly have some vested
interest in in destroying this topic. I
don't know what it is, but I did you
hear about I had a story too that last
November or something in the fall. I
spoke to them about getting an op-ed
published between Carl Mel and uh a a
cabinet a former cabinet member. So,
somebody who's like a presidential
cabinet member and not a lowranking
cabinet member, like one of the the more
important positions in the cabinet. And
that guy is saying he's expressing
frustration about lack of civilian
oversight around UFO programs and lack
of his own access to these programs. And
uh they they rejected it out of hand
with no, you know, reasons as to why why
they would reject it.
>> And then they go on to write this hit
job, you know, discrediting you and
stuff, but they didn't mention that a
cabinet member had submitted an op-ed to
them last fall. It's just I think that's
all you need to know to say that they're
acting in bad faith. I mean, you could
maybe make some argument around bad
bureaucracy, the left hand, the op-ed
sections not talking to the other. It's
just it's it's nuts, though.
>> Yeah. But I think this is an opportunity
for Congress to get involved
because they created Arrow,
right? arrows not performing uh because
one of their jobs was to
investigate reports like like mine and
follow through, get some answers. And in
my case, I gave them a 2 and 1/2 hour
talk. I I gave them documents to support
what I was saying.
um they complimented me uh
in writing and verbally on the job that
I did and then at the end of it I asked
[sighs] are you going to check with the
Air Force and see if I'm you know what
I've said is
is uh you know they can verify it and
they said no.
>> Why wouldn't they do that?
>> Exactly. I you know No, because
he said because we haven't had
cooperation from the Air Force on other
witnesses.
Well, yeah. I mean, look, I think again,
all you need to know is, you know, the
the crazy story of them not in, you
know, not involving the cabinet member
submission, but also the fact that
Colonel Robert Hiper is saying that this
was due to a, you know, an EMP fallout
from a nuclear detonation, which is
obviously [__] And then then they
come up with some new, you know, EMP
simulation thing,
>> right?
>> And but they name an exact model that
hadn't been, you know, ready until the
early '7s. So,
>> right,
>> I it's just it's it's even if you're
trying to discredit something, it's it's
it's a lazy job. It's just not it's not
very good,
>> right?
>> Um so, yeah, I don't know. It feels like
to me Kirk Patrick who has always been
kind of it feels like a fly trap or
something like he's just trying to get
the info and then and then squash these
stories is spoon feeding this
information to Joel Shechman who
probably knows nothing about UFOs
probably a national security reporter
and he's just taking at face value you
know you have this this guy who seems
like to be you know a normal
credentialed physicist telling him that
all this stuff is a hoax which if you
don't have the data set that that you
have or I have around UFOs and nukes,
you're just going to believe and then
you're just going to publish the thing,
not going to fact check.
>> Well, again, like I said, at some point,
Congress has to do the job of getting to
the bottom of this issue, this UAP. What
is it? What have we been doing about it?
What studies have we done? What have we
learned?
Um,
and they they can start with
bringing the Air Force in and asking
them questions about incidents like mine
and others.
>> That would be great. Well, Bob Salis,
really appreciate your time. Thank you
for having us and uh yeah this is a
fantastic discussion and I hope that it
it opens people's minds and also uh
allows them to look a little deeper when
it comes to kind of just uh taking at
face value some of these mainstream
media headlines and coverage of this
very important topic.
>> Thank you Jesse. I really appreciate
your taking interest in in my case and
and uh well the whole subject.
>> Absolutely. All right. All right. That's
our show. For more information about the
ubiquitous link between UFOs and nuclear
weapons, please watch my comprehensive
documentary with the great journalist
Robert Hastings. And if you want to
watch my comprehensive takedown of the
Wall Street Journal, I will link that
video, too. Finally, speaking of hearing
out patriotic whistleblowers and
veterans, please support my friend and
past American Alchemist Randy Anderson,
who came on my show earlier this year to
expose a possible off-world technology
division at Naval Surface Warfare Crane
in Indiana. He described seeing a
levitating orb and a gauntlet emitting
alien looking hieroglyphics. My friend
UAP Gerb also did an amazing deep dive
on Randy that you can check out on his
channel. Randy is setting up a very cool
program called Alpha Rising. It's a
group specifically for veterans, first
responders, and anyone who wants to get
their mind right and regain purpose in
life. I'm linking his GoFundMe for that
project in the description of this
video. Until next time, I'm Jesse
Michaels and this is American Alchemy.